[IMP] core: odoo.domain (#10214)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/backend/security.rst

- `Advanced parameter types <http://initd.org/psycopg/docs/usage.html#adaptation-of-python-values-to-sql-types>`_
- `Psycopg documentation <https://www.psycopg.org/docs/sql.html>`_

Building the domains
--------------------

Domains are represented as lists and are serializable.
You would be tented to manipulate these lists directly, however it can
introduce subtle issues where the user could inject a domain if the input is
not normalized.

> We introduce :class:`~odoo.fields.Domain` to handle safely the manipulation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use :class:`~odoo.fields.Domain` to handle safely the manipulation
```
